# {{owner}}'s Secure Backup

This is {{owner}}'s secure backup. If something happens to {{owner}}, this backup will allow you to gain access to important documents and other files you may need.

**If you lose track of this backup, or it is stolen, or it is ever accessed by a computer with viruses, etc., please notify {{owner}} _immediately_.**

## Contents

There are two kinds of content in this backup: public and private content. You already have access to the public content, and it can be found in the `public.zip` archive.

<!-- You may wish to give a list of files in the public zip file, and explain what they are. -->

To gain access to the private content, you will need to decrypt it. A simple program called `decrypt` is included with this backup that will enable you to decrypt it.

**TODO: Explain where to find that program, and how to run it.**

However there's a catch: You cannot decrypt your backup by yourself. {{owner}} has given similar backups to a few other people. You have the ability to decrypt _their_ backups, and they have the ability to decrypt _your_ backup. But no one can decrypt their own backups. This is to protect {{owner}} in case one of the backup holders is robbed, etc.

<!--

You may wish to list the other backup holders here. Or for extra security, you may want AVOID listing them here, and just tell them who the other backup holders are verbally. Remember that whatever you choose, they may need to remember this 10 years from now.

Here's an example of creating a bulleted list of the backup holder's peers:

{{#peers}}
* {{name}}
{{/peers}}

-->

Here is the passphrase you need to decrypt other peoples' copies of the backup:

> {{passphrase}}

Please do not share this passphrase with anyone. Do not write it down anywhere else; just keep it here. {{owner}} will never ask you for this passphrase.

In the event that something does happen to {{owner}} and family members need to decrypt their copies of the backup, please _do_ use this passphrase to help them decrypt their backups. But please do so personally, face-to-face. **Never**, under _any_ circumstance, should you send this passphrase to anyone via email.

## Thank You

Hopefully you will never need this. But regardless of what happens, _thank you so much_ for agreeing to hold this backup and keep it safe.

_This backup generated by [Kin Backup](https://github.com/pcrockett/kin-backup/)._
