# {{owner}}'s Secure Backup

This is {{owner}}'s secure backup. If something happens to {{owner}}, this backup will allow you to gain access to important documents and other files you may need.

**If you lose track of this backup, or it is stolen, or it is ever accessed by a computer with viruses, etc., please notify {{owner}} _immediately_.**

## Contents

There are two kinds of content in this backup: public and private content.

### Public Content

You already have access to the public content, and it can be found in the `public.zip` archive. Just double-click on this file, and you will be able to view important files there.

<!-- You may wish to give a list of files in the public zip file, and explain what they are. -->

### Private Content

Some of {{owner}}'s data is private (like passwords, etc.) and needs to be protected. To gain access to the private content, you will need to use one of the programs in the `private` directory. See [the readme document there](private/readme.html) for more information.

However there's a catch: {{owner}} has given similar backups to a few other people. Your passphrase (below) can be used to unlock the private content in _someone else's_ backup. But it can't be used to unlock the private content in _your own_ copy of the backup. And similarly, other backup holders can use their passphrases to unlock the private content in your backup, but they can't unlock their own. This is to help protect {{owner}} in the event that one of the backup holders is burglarized, etc.

<!--
You may wish to list the other backup holders here. Or for extra security, you may want AVOID listing them here, and just tell them who the other backup holders are verbally. Remember that whatever you choose, they may need to remember this 10 years from now. Here's an example of creating a bulleted list of the backup holder's peers:
{{#peers}}
* {{name}}
{{/peers}}
-->

Here is the passphrase you need to access the private contents in a backup that someone else is holding:

> {{passphrase}}

Please do not share this passphrase with anyone. Do not write it down anywhere else; just keep it here. {{owner}} will never ask you for this passphrase.

In the event that something does happen to {{owner}} and family members need to access the private contents of their own backups, please _do_ use this passphrase to help them do so. But please do so personally, face-to-face. **Never**, under _any_ circumstance, should you send this passphrase to anyone via email.

## Thank You

Hopefully you will never need this. But regardless of what happens, thank you for agreeing to hold this backup and keep it safe.

_This backup generated by [Kin Backup](https://github.com/pcrockett/kin-backup/)._
